Switch production ready to development ready (#554)
safe-global/safe-config-service: README.md

### 1. Configuration

> The environment variables are set via the `.env` file. The configuration in `.env.example` is meant to be development ready. You can copy it and adjust it to your development needs (refer to the file for the explanation about each environment variable).

Reviewer: nitpick: make it more prominent that the `.env.example` should only be used only for development.

```suggestion
The environment variables are set via the `.env` file. The configuration in `.env.example` is meant to be used **only for development**. You can copy it and adjust it to your development needs (refer to the file for the explanation about each environment variable).
```

```shell
cp .env.example .env
```

> **Important:** It's recommended change properly passwords and another default parameters for production environment.

Reviewer: nitpick: some types but also generalising to any field.

```suggestion
**Important:** It is recommended to set sensitive fields (like passwords) and adjust other parameters for your production environment needs. The `.env.sample` configuration shouldn't be used for any production deployment.
```

Author: Yes It is more clear. :)
